In the reference story, the difference image is encoded into a latent feature using the one-way encoder. As the same time, the reference pose extracted from the image is proposed by 2D image encoder. This feature is then combined to represent the variance feature of the reference character. Next, the motion sentence input pose sequence is encoded by 3D pose encoder to capture the motion information. Here I show the turkey mask of each character is processed by the proposed identifier as in which I'm saying I don't fear to every character. The result is I don't fear up as a feeling to the identifier adapter. The character specific potential information and special and relationship among the most kept characters are run. Finally, the future from the reference frame as the motion frame are used and put into the one-way video generation model and is based on different transformers to generate the final much character image video. However, simply aside, I don't fear the other side. If the same lighting fears are always assigned during turning, the model tends to as a set each character with a fixed lighting choice instead of a turkey mask. To address this issue, there are also introduced scalable turning strategies. To overcome the similar issue and propose scalability, the others propose a random identifier assigned strategy during the tutoring iteration and intpiers are randomly selected from the identity, rubber, back, and assigned to each character. At the center, always converting corresponding things within the identifier, weight back are activated and updated. We got different search pairs as samples are without turning. Although I did feel that the embedding and turning unit point instead of being tied to specific characters, as a result, the model run to a set each character with its tracking mask as a fixed channel. This strategy enabled the model to generate two scenes containing more characters than two scenes during training. In the experiment, the model was playing on the swing, the set and the evaluate on the set as well as seeing dance videos. With the quality was also set using metrics such as FED and FED-BED. The proposal was compared with existing approaches including the unionality, date, and base. The result shows the proposal method and the base performance on the swing dance dataset. Furthermore, although the model was trying to use only two characters in making the strong performance on a save video containing three to seven characters, they want to throw things excellent generationability. The character with comparisons also shows the proposal method, FED-BED refused identity, Mahi-Zo and Anato-A-A-O-Kosh-Jas while maintaining a consistent character I defined so that generated videos. In conclusion, this paper proposed a match and met an extensive program for March character image animation based on diffusion-transformers. The proposal I prepared is an identity fair adaptor and scalable training strategy is pushed in models that are identities and special relationships or March projectors and are willing to model to generate two scenes containing more characters than so seen during training. As per me, that result demonstrate that the model is turning using only two character data, as a state of that performance on March character animation while maintaining compatibility with single characters in levels. If I never would like to send a share of my opinion on this paper, I think the interest of science over this work is it's ability to generate two more characters and all seen during training. This provides a method that usually limited to the same number of characters and is during training, I believe they sense such a technical contribution. As a science, it's a very good identity modeling with a flexibility videos and added computer and natural actions relating to high quality, March character animation. In addition, the experimental is at the demonstrate state of that performance, so when you effectively invest all of the proposal approach. Another thing is the method and it is all occurred during the mask so it's performance made and degraded when the tracking quality is was a more experimental way, evaluated with up to seven characters, so it is still uncrowebbled that the missile can't scale too much, rather occurs. I think this would be an interesting, the action force for the work, like for this thing. So the soundspeaker changed, proceed the chat for the detail. Good morning everyone. Today I will introduce some three segment anything with concepts, some did to IGRAB, 2026. Present that's, present data name is Shunyaneshida. The digits of students ID is five. The goal of this work is to find and segment all the instance of a concept in an image or video. For example, given the place yellow screw bars, the model should detect and segment every screw bars in the scenes. Some one and some two introduces prompt-to-visual segmentation, where users provide automatic prompt points, boxes or masks to segment objects. However, each prompt segment only a single object. More importantly, these prompts can only specifically wear to look, not what to find, so there was a clear gap, no module, model could take a take this concept prompt and detect, segment and track every matching instance. Some three feels this gaps through a paradigm shift, from a genomic dig segment to segmental to a concept level vision foundation model. The group makes two principal contrary views, first they define a new task called prompt-to-visual concept segmentation, or PCS, and introduce the circle benchmark. In PCS, our text, non-flases or image exemplar serves as the prompt and the model returns masks with unique ideas for our matching instances. The circle benchmark contains 277,000 unique non-flases, second they propose a decal-present architecture with a novel presence head. This separated recommendation I will explain this in detail on the next slide. Now let me explain the presence head, which I consider the most important technical contribution, instant that the ET outside detection each proposal creates mass-symptanel-z, the organized weather concept exists and localize it in the image, but these two objects conflict. The combination requires global context across the entry image, while localization is in-helidly local. Some three solve this by introducing a learned global presence token. This token attends to the full image and is so responsive for predicting whether the normal place concept is present, that is P of Np is present in the image. Each proposal created then only needs to solve the localization problem, conducted on the concept being present, the final score for each detection is simply the product of the present score and the create score. The abbreviation that this decomposition, decomposition, significantly improves image level classification accuracy, especially when trained with hard negative non-flases for example, distinguishing player-in-flight flung player in late. Here is the overall architecture from the paper. I just took some of experimental results, as you can see in this table, some three archives are CGF1 score of 54.1 on the circle gold benchmark. This is more than double the 29.3 archived by all B2.3. The strongest baseline on LBIS mask AB, some three reaches 48.5, surpassing the previous best of 38.5 by Dino X. Now I'd like to share my own past my independent opinion. The case strengths of this paper is the present's head. The idea is demography simple. Just factor the joint score into a product the present score and the create score. It's a situally one line of must. Yet the addition shows it produces significant gains, especially with hard negatives I think this kind of simple, but effective insight is exactly what makes a strong contribution. That said, I have two limitations. First, the data engine is massive. Four million long phrases and 52 million masks. How much of the improvement really comes from the architecture, but it's just having more data with a smaller model trained on the same data performance comparably. Second, also, others themselves acknowledge in section B that some three struggles with out of domain concepts like media terms or aircraft types for a model called segment anything. To conclude, some three extend the segment anything sees from kinematic prompts to concept the replopt. It introduces PCS and the circle benchmark, decoupled the combination and localization beyond the placeings head and WPCS accuracy while also improving some two original PVS tasks. Thank you for listening. Hello everyone. Today I will talk about the paper called Robus and segment initial Robus study on the great images. This paper was published at CVPR 2024. This paper, the paper study how to improve some images are degraded by broad range heads or low-right conditions. Some is a very powerful segmentation model. It can find objects from simple prompts and ease used in many computer vision tasks. However, real world images are often degraded by broad hares or low-right conditions because of this improving Robusness is important for applications such as autonomous driving and surveillance systems. The main problem is that some powerful mostly on the great images. Object masks become incomplete and object boundaries become inaccurate. Some existing methods use image restoration before segmentation. However, they do not preserve the problem. One tuning some is another solution, but it can reduce its generations' ability. Therefore, the goal of this paper is improve Robusness while keeping some short capability. This paper has three main contributions. First, it proposes Robus and a framework for the great images. Second, it introduces the Robus segmentet which contains 15 degradation types and about 688,000 image mask pairs. Third, it presents a training strategy that improves Robusness while preserving the short capability. This figure shows the overall architecture of Robusness. The original sun backbone is kept frozen, instead the outsides add two new modules. The first module is AMFG which generates robust features and reduces degradation effects. The second module is AOTG which generates robust output tokens and improves segmentation quality. The key idea is to run degradation in variant future. In other words, the module tries to make the great image features similar to clean image features. AMFG helps generate robust mask features. AOTG generates robust output tokens for stable segmentation results. This allows the modules to work well even with the input image is degraded. This figure shows segmentation results compared with some and other methods. Robusness produces more compute and masks and more accurate object boundaries. For example, the fire hydrate, bicycle, gravel and horse are segmented more accurately. The improvements are consistent across different datasets and degradation types. This results show that Robusness is more robust than existing methods. Robusness is usually not only for segmentation but also for image restoration tasks. As shown in this figure, it improves both aging and devouring desserts. The images generated with Robusness are closer to the growing truth. Because the segmentation masks are more accurate, restoration models can produce better images. This expands the real-world applications of some. To conclude, this paper provides robust and under-the-roabous segmented set. The method improves Robusness against image degradations while preserving the short capability. I think this is a practical and useful approach because your world images are often degraded. In my opinion, this paper is meaning advancement of some research. Thank you for listening. Good morning everyone. I'm Zou. Today I will be presenting a paper titled Croper Vision Language Model for Image Croping True Incontest Learning. It was published in 2025. CVPR, My Last Digit is Zero. This paper was presented by the researcher from the Google Research University of Michigan, University of Maryland, and Korea University. Today, here is the structure of my presentation. I will start with the interaction after that. I will present about the problem and what is the approach of this paper and what is the key idea. After that, I will present the contribution of this paper and then I will discuss the result and impact. And finally, I will summarize with my opinion and the conclusion. In the interaction, what is image cropping? So everybody knows image cropping is the the select the best region of the photo to improve its visuality and the composition. And there are three types of cropping, freeform, subject aware and the aspiration. So the problem is that the first one is text-specific training. So every mother is trained on one digit set for one text. So if you want to switch from the freeform to the subject aware cropping, you essentially step from the scratch. Another one is that there is no unifying model and then high retraining costs. And then there is a limited flexibility. So this paper presented about the cropper. So what is the cropper? The concept is simple. So in the database, there is images already stored. And when the user input the image who he went to cropp. So at that time, the cropper selected the images by using the top as methods. And then another mother is in contest learning by using the in contest learning to choose the best images. And then and then this one as a prompt to the vision language model. So in the vision language model, it used the activity refinement movement that and the scoring and give the final up to the user. So the three idea, the idea in this paper that is top as retriever in contest learning and the activity refinement. So the first one top as retriever. So this one, cropper converts it into the better using the clip, a pretrained model and then such database or labor image using the confined similarity. And the second component is in contest learning. So it is a three retrieve retrieved images are packed into the prompt of a frozen Gemini 1.5 room. So it is the in contest learning and then the third one is the activity refinement. So VLM generates multiple cropp candidates and by using the and then a combination of three score VILA accepted quality aerial visual and the clip similarity. So these are the three main components used in this cropper paper. So what is the key contribution? The key contribution is it is the first you know fine training training free framework and then it's a nober combination or ICL retriever and the refinement and it beats all supervised baseline. And in this paper, there is a qualitative user study to 200 people. And result in impact. So in the subject aware cropper calls the 0.76 now IOU and 0.0372 dips and then for the expert ratio aware cropper calls the 0.756 IOU and 0.053. And this is the visual reserve on the right side button one is the cropper, the proper the result of the proper. So we can see it is a very the as per ratio experiments. So in my opinion, in my opinion, the result that strength of this paper is moving computation from training time to inference time is a smart trade off for many real application and there is some weakness that is it only mentioned retriever speed but repeater VLM API call to activity refinement are also slow and costly. So in conclusion, cropper achieved state of the art without any training being also supervised baseline on three days across three details that were zero weight updates and and then it's deal with the VLM progress and it is human validated. There are very few limitations anyhow it is the best method what they are presented. Thank you everyone. Okay. Okay. So good morning everyone. My name is Aman. Today I'll be presenting the paper titled CAVMA sync improving contrastive audiovisual mask auto encoders via fine grain alignment. This paper was presented at CBP at 25 and my last digit is 7. So first let me explain the problem audiovisual supervised learning tries to learn useful shared representations in a latent space from a paired art video and sound so that the model can support downstream tasks such as retrieval classification and localization and a strong baseline in this area is this CAVMA paper which combines to learning objectives contrastive alignment so that the audio and visual features become symmetrically close and mask reconstruction so that each modality still preserves important information. However many existing approaches represents this entire audio clip with a single global token which can miss fine grain alignment between the changing sounds and individual video frames specifically in a several second long clip. So the objective of this paper is to improve this audiovisual representation learning by modeling audio as a temporarily aligned segments instead of just one global single representation and by separating this alignment objective from the reconstruction objective. In more simple words the paper argues that the model should not treat a full several second long audio clip as if it equally matches one visual frame but instead it should rather align smaller audio chunks with smaller corresponding frames which can better represent the natural structure of the video and the sound. So now I will explain the architecture so the first key idea was to replace the audio one global audio representation with the sequence of temporarily aligned audio segments. The second key idea is to separate global tokens for this contrastive alignment objective. The author argues that in the original set up the same representation was used for the contrastive learning objective and the mask reconstruction but these two objectives are fundamentally different and can interfere with each other. And the third idea is to add registered tokens and these tokens can act as extra buffers in the transformer which can reduce the burden on this patch tokens for this reconstruction objective. So the overall idea is that the architecture still remains relatively simple and similar to the original paper but with intelligent engineering changes they can improve the performance of the original paper. They use this formula to align the audio and the video chunks. This is basically calculating the coordinates of the center of this chunk and then using this S which is the total length of the spectrogram and T is the total number of video frames so we can calculate the coordinate of the center and by that we can also calculate the starting and ending positions using this formula. And this is the training objective which combines of the constructive contrastive loss function which is this function in this term here and the reconstruction loss which is in this term here. So the constructive loss tries to pull the matched audio and visual global tokens together in the shared latent space by using this similarity term which is basically the dot product of the global audio and vision token and this loss function is basically like a negative log probability function and this reconstruction loss function is like a mean squared error term where this is the predictive audio reconstruction with the actual ground truth level. And the these are the results so this is a zero-shot retrieval task which is basically to retrieve the correct audio pair from a video query or vice versa get the correct video pair from a audio query. Without a retrieval specific fine tuning and we find that the this method achieves state of the art performance compared to previous baselines in this retrieval task which which shows that temporal alignment improves cross-modal matching quality. And similarly the authors tested other downstream tasks such as linear probing classification which takes representation quality with a frozen encoder and this model reached 30.5 MAP on this audio set 20k dataset and 52.7 MN accuracy on VGG sound dataset and also on this right sound probe sound prompt rate segmentation test whether an audio can queue localize whether an audio queue can localize the correct image region and this region and this method gets 22.6 MAP and 22.7 MOU which is a very comparable result to the other baselines. So together these results suggest that fine-grained temporal alignment not only improves matching but also improves other downstream tasks such as recognition and grounding. And so finally to conclude and to give my opinion I think firstly I think the motivation is strong treating a whole audio clip as one unit is a real modeling problem when the audio and visual contents both change over time so the paper is trying to solve something meaningful rather than just tuning a benchmark. Secondly I think the strong part is the retrieval evidence of course the gains we saw there directly supports the authors mean claim that finer temporal alignment improves cross-modal matching. Third I think like the this method improves multiple downstream tasks not just one and the classification and segmentation shows the same but I also think that this paper is not a radical breakthrough but a strong incremental contribution and it also shows that simple redesigning of an framework can gain balance gains across multiple downstream tasks. So that's all from my presentation thank you. Good morning everyone my name is Ethisham my student ID is 8 and today I'm presenting the paper called scaling up to excellence practicing model scaling for photorealistic image restoration in the wild this is a CVPR 2024 paper and it represents a really interesting turning point in computer vision so let's begin. So let's firstly define the problem the problem that we are tackling is how some the restoration of severely degraded real world images photos that have some combined blurred noise compression or low resolution this is a critical problem because legacy methods are trapped in a like fidelity versus realism trade off they often optimize for pixel level metrics like ps and r which leads to blurry safe images we need a solution that works for high stakes domains like medical imaging security and historical archiving where you cannot accept hallucinated content and the world demands restoration that is both visually striking and actually fair. So how does uh uh SUPIR actually solve this? It's built on a three core pillar that pushed the limits of the like this technology. Firstly the first pillar is the degradation robust encoder which ensures the model interprets the input correctly when heavily degraded. The second is the zero uh the second is the multi lm prompting integration which looks at the image to latent mapping it generates semantic prompts and reads the image. It doesn't just guess pixels it understand the context enabling intelligent controllable intelligent controllable reconstruction that traditional models simply cannot match and the third pillar is the the restoration guided sampling which combines the latent and semantic map embeddings from first and second pillar and builds it on the it is dxl backbone and restores the final image. The core limitation of the generative mentioned prior is that they're too creative if you are if you use a raw diffusion model it will happily invent details that look great but are completely false. A hallucination per se the key idea here is restoration guided sampling at every step of diffusion process the model compresses its current prediction with the original low quality input. Early in the sampling guidance is strict to preserve structure fidelity as we approach the final steps it loosens up to allow for realistic textures generation. This mechanism acts as a control knob for hallucination which is absolutely essential for any professional application in this sector. And now if we talk about the experimental evaluation in performances the so SUP IR sets in a state of the art on non-reference metrics like clip IQA at 0.8232 and MU SIK at 73.00 but notice a critical observation or PSNR scores are often lower than previous model this is not a failure it proves like that legacy pixel level metrics are fundamentally broken for evaluating generative realism. We achieved this realization by scaling training on 20 million high quality annotated images using negative quality prompts to guide model away from artifacts. What is the true contribution for this paper? It is not just about beating the other previously mentioned methods on leaderboards the contribution is the is the shift as it is the first large scale diffusion model that is explicitly optimized for in the wild restoration. It proves that models scaling laws which revolutionize LLM are directly applicable to image restoration provided the architect is can actually connect to the mechanisms correctly to move the field from pixel recovery to intelligent semantic reconstruction. This is a fundamental advancement and this is how we should define restoration systems. Are there any limits for the paper? Of course a big thing is that it's very resource intensive it required 64 a 6000 GPUs for 10 days of training this is a significant barrier for most labs looking forward the field needs to focus on efficiency the next step could be developing a lightweight version that can run on consumer grade hardware and extending this generative prior framework into viewer restoration and medical imaging. Now for my individual opinion I think this system is really interesting just because it tries to attempt to solve the hallucination issue as it provides control knob which attempts to solve the problem of the trade off. Furthermore it validates that legacy metrics like ps and r ssim are becoming obsolete. This paper didn't just propose a better model it also gave us a chance to rethink how we measure quality itself. It has set a really interesting benchmark for intelligent restoration and I look forward to seeing it applied in real times in our use. That's from a time thank you so much. Hello can you hear me it's my slight visible. Yes. Okay. Hello everyone I'm Shenzhe Han and the student ID lost digit is 5 and the paper I wanted to share today is the image processing geo in or you can call it the IPG and the subtitle is breaking rigidity in super resolution and this paper is from the picking university and it won the best paper honorable mention at the CVPR 2024. So first the problem the super resolution or the SR may means makes a high resolution image from a low resolution one and the key point is that the problem is ill post so when we shrink an image information is lost for good and so when we make it big again the fine details are just not in the input so the model has to guess the way that looks natural and this is not as more proven it used in medical imaging satellite photos and people have worked it on it for many years so to rebuild all this fine details from a blurry input so here is a question of which pixels in an image are really the hard ones recovered and there's the answer which is really the key idea of the whole paper so super resolution is unbalanced only a small part of the pixels the edges the corners and the textures are really hard to rebuild and the big flat parts of the image need almost no work and now look at how today's model treat pixels in convolution every pixels look at the same small area for three by three filters just a neighbors the same for everyone and in the window attention likes green IR every pixel only looks inside the same fixed window and even KN graphs gave every point the same numbers of links so the the the paper called this rigidity and the model spend the same effort on every pixel even though some are way harder than others so only the IPG this paper on the right finally breaks this and this is the real contribution of the paper so it is naturally an idea give more computation to the pixels that are harder and use the number of links each pixel has its degrees as a new thing the model can control based on the image content the three points make this matter and first it changed how we see the problem the imbalance of the super resolution becomes a crespring of the motor design and the early work noticed that this imbalance that only changed the training laws while this paper changed the model itself the second it turns a node degree into a new design choice and third it controls a choice with the detail detector and it cost almost nothing so this is a useful knowledge for the whole field and not just the higher score and and this is the heart of the paper so how does the IPG actually break this rigidity so it trace the image as a graph of pixels and it has three kinds of flexibility the first the most important is degree flexibility so the pixels we reach data should connect to many neighbors while flat pixels connect only to a few and but how does the motor know which is which this is the clever part of the paper so a simple detector they call the DF you you you take the feature map make it smaller than make it big again and a compare it with the original and where the image is the smooth the pale each and just anything but where there's the edge or texture some information is lost so the difference is very large and this difference map lies on right on the hard parts and and it is almost free because it only need to simple restencing steps so pixels with a high DF value then get more connections the second flexibility is using the single pixels as the graph nodes instead of instead of the patches so with patches when the object to move or turn a little the patches do not line up and the model gets a texture wrong so working pixel by pixel avoids that and the third is symphoning both near and forward so nearby pixels for fine details and the pixels from the whole image for far away about similar textures so doing both in a cheap way it work makes I be just strong and this slide shows the the whole architecture of the model and the low revolution image first goes through a steam coke convolution to get basic features then it passed through a stack of blocks they call the mgb's which do all the graph work and at the end a pixel shuffle layer makes the image bigger so inside each block the near and far graph layers take turns so both are covered and the strands of each length depends on how similar two pixels are the whole design follows a popular metaformer style just to waste the graph to the main job so uh does it actually work on the urban 100 datasets at four times skating the ipg reached 28.1 3db which is more than their point 1db above the previous test at 80 and in a super resolution where most games are only a few hundreds of left db this this is a rail improvement and I think it is not just the one case ipg is the best on or five standard datasets and at two three and four times skating and there's even a small region ipg tangy that means at the same competition cost and so here is what I personally only see two things first why it is matter the headline number their point 1db makes the work look smaller than it really is but the rail value is not a score I think it is the idea of getting more computation to the pixels that are hotter and I think this way of thinking will last longer than any single benchmark and it will change how people design these models but I also want to concentrate points the first is the speed so in rail use ipg rounds slower because the the graph operation do not yet get the hardware speed up that the competitions have and to the df detector is uh surprisingly simple so I think can be tested along on like a novel scene and to see how much of the game really comes from this side when nightier and I bet the same idea could also help other tests like the denoting and the deferring and this is my sharing thanks for listening you hi everyone I represent you come next strong back bone hole medical image segmentation and generation right triple AI unit is why I used for medical image segmentation and also other backbone hole diffusion models so it is a very common reading model essentially car has image image as an alternative to MLP is how to look up this figure MLP is on the left car and the light car has parameters and higher interpretability so the question is what if really use can be said unit if these things methods serve to capture complex non-linear relationships across channels trans-hormab based models also homo-fit on small medical updates and they are black focus so interpretability is low in short no black bone such as um satisfies accuracy efficiency and interpretability at the same time this is the first work to bring to interior vision backbone as well for design access after convolution trans-hormab and MLP it achieves interpretability the result is accuracy and efficiency and it goes beyond segmentation parallel works as a diffusion backbone for image generation you can is the use shape encoder decoder with skip collections j-encoder use convolution blocks to extract features and down samples near the bottleneck the features are talk nice and pass it to the can blocks since the decoder you have sample and list list what's the resolution to the output intonation what isides the can block first organizations features are split into patches then victorize the and ended they are processed in this order parallel dice wise convolution design and lay lay alone they are stuck three times and each edge is in your name uh uh evisión to action extracts non-linear parameters in all three database datasets you can store hi-hat and release life i-o-u-n-e-hi hi-school that's the key point is efficient and see it reaches the highest accuracy it is modern and you know so you can give us better accuracy with natural continuous optimization is the segmentation results you can show us over a under-segmentation is smooth you can use it as a azamnit predictor inside of the original model it surface condition condition that blocks in osfidn-is this is the unit and improvs accuracy efficiency and integrity it is effective on-go segmentation and generation and it is promising direction of the way to the the the the the the the the the the the back the the one again Theords Today I represent post-au, structuring layout 3s2 inable language, models in generalized content, aware layout, generation, from CBPR2025. My name is Nozomi Tanaka, the last digit of my student ID is 7. Let's get started. First, first, let's look at the shigunifcans. Post-au design is a big industry with a growing demand for automation. The goal is to help non-designers create professional post-au-easy. This technology can support many purpose from advertisement to social media. However, existing methods face three problems. First, each regular bias, the only hundred basic box layers on the failed risk, suckers or covers. Second, is data scarcity, because collecting data is expensive. Lastly, image centristity leads to repetitive and creative designs. To solve these problems, this paper introduced post-au. It uses large language models for creative design. The core contributions are an SVZ-based layered tree in context-learning, a new dataset called PST-7 and better in variation metrics. Let's look at the first key idea, layered tree construction, by using SVZ language, three algorithms can understand geometry. This is the system to use universal shape like leg-down girls, ellipses and covers. It also manages layers like text on top of backgrounds. The second key idea is in context-learning. PST-au uses LAMAS 3.1 to avoid heavy training. First, it selects good layered ex-examples from the dataset. Then it gives these SVZ examples to the LLM as prompt. Finally, the LLM redics new layers. Next, let's look at the performance. As shown in this table, post-au out-out performance performance prevails method. It improves the score by 15.8% on the PKU dataset, and by 40.1% on the CGL dataset. This shows the high effectiveness of this approach. Another achievement is the PST-7 dataset. This is the first dataset for generalized layers. It covers 7 PST-popsies like movies and menus, and increases 8 different shape. It serves as a challenging benchmark. Through these methods, PST-au achieve great results. It creates this actual posture in three steps. Automatic mock-up creation, material synthesis to fill in text and images, and font size prediction to ensure a good visual balance. In my opinion, the most important contribution is shifting the design, processes from numbers to numbers to language. These allows users to use it, to change the design through natural conversation. In the future, AI will become a true multi-modal design partner. That concludes my presentation. Thank you for listening. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this presentation. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you. I guess you're micrified. Thank you. Sorry. Hello. Good morning, everyone. Today, I represented the basic paper of Gaussian avatar towards reality. You are seeing the human avatar morning from a single video by a IMT3D Gaussian. This paper was presented at CBPR 2024. The goal of this paper is to create a realistic and animal human avatar from only a single morning camera video. Plus, I will explain in the program. Let's see human avatar are useful for VR, VR, games, movies and other presentances. However, creating a high quality avatar userly requires a multi-view camera or a special capture of the photo. This paper provides two sort of hard-up, but more practical problems. They are things are animated avatar from only one video. There are three challenges. First, monograph video has limited 3D information. Second, body pose estimation is often inaccurate. Third, closing appearance changes depending on the pose. The key idea is to use animatav3D Gaussian. A 3D Gaussian is a point-based representation, with properties such as position, color, opacity, scales and rotation. Gaussian spreading can bring the high quality image efficiency. In this paper, 3D Gaussian are attached to the surface of the human body model, such as SMP or SMPRX. Because of this, the Gaussian can move according to the body pose. This allows the method to create a realistic avatar that can also be imitated. This right-asset shows main pipeline. First, the method is made to the human body pose from each video frame. Then, it's a SMPR point on the body surface. These points become uncalled for 3D Gaussian. Next, the pose encoder extracts both futures. These futures are combined with an recognizable future pencil, which presents a person's specific appearance. Finally, the Gaussian parameter decoder predicts color, opacity, scale, rotation and position of set. The avatar is then rendered by Gaussian spreading. This method also handles pose-dependent appearance. For example, closing, rolling, length, and short, change, when a person moves. To represent this, Gaussian outer uses a dynamic appearance network. It predicts Gaussian parties. Depending on the body pose, the method also jointly optimizes motion and appearance. This is important because the initial pose is made from monocleurop video can be inaccurate. By optimizing both, the method releases miss alignment and rendering of the pose. The pose also evaluates the method on 3D set. People also have short, new, and the in-video. The compared Gaussian avatar width existing, methods such as human, nav, and instant avatar. The evaluation matrix, PSNR, SISIM, and LBIPS. Higher PSNR and SSIM are better, and lower LBIPS is better. The quantitative results show that Gaussian outer achieved better reconstruction, quality, and the compared methods. This indicates that the 3D Gaussian are effective for human avatar modeling from monocleurop video. Distribute shows quality, qualitative results. Compared with previous methods, Gaussian outer, policies, clear, human appearance, and field-costing artifacts. The improvement is especially visible around body boundaries and closing details. The method can also animate the avatar width motion different from the training videos. This means that result is not just a reconstruction of the input video, but a controllable human avatar. To summarize, this paper has three main contributions. First, it introduced the 3D Gaussian for human avatar modeling from a single video. Second, it models pose dependent appearance. Third, it jointly optimizes motion and appears to handle a great pose estimation. However, there are limitations that method depends on for background, segmentation, and body pose estimation. It also has difficulty with risk-roasing such as risk in addition. In addition, realistic personalized to avatar may this scale consult. In my opinion, the important contribution is that this paper extend its 3D Gaussian spreading from static scenes to animate the human avatar. It is a practical set towards realistic avatar creation from simple video input. Thank you for listening. Can I hear my voice? Yes, please start. Hello everyone. Today, I will introduce a paper title, a dev cues, everything, molecular dev, a perception in large vision models. This paper was published at CBPR 2025. My name is Shokin Nishimada and my last digit is 7. First, why is this paper important? A dev perception is essential for understanding 3D scenes. Recently, large vision models have shown strong dev estimation from all the 2 images. This paper is worth sharing because it connects AI dev perception with human visual perception. This paper has two main contributions. First, it shows that recent large vision models can acquire human-like monochrome dev cues during pre-training. Second, it proposes a new benchmark called dev cues. This benchmark ever created whether models understand 6 visual cues that humans use to perceive devs. The main problem is that we do not know how large vision models perceive devs. Previous studies mainly evaluated the final dev prediction or dev accuracy. However, they did not examine whether the model actually understands the visual cues behind the perception. So, the internal mechanism remains unclear. Why this prevention should be solved? Dev perception is important for applications such as autonomous driving, robotics and medical imaging. If AI is used as a visual system, we need to understand how it makes decisions. This can improve both safety and express-nability. The key idea is very simple. Instead of everything, only dev estimation accuracy, this paper evaluates whether models understand human-monochrome dev cues. If a model understands these cues, then we can better explain how human-like dev perception emerges in large vision models. Next, I will explain the method. First, to the image is given as input. The image is passed through a frozen large vision model, meaning the model is not updated during everation. Then, visual features are extracted from the model. After that, the method checks whether these features contain information about dev cues. Finally, the model solves six dev cues task and the accuracy is used to measure how well the model understands its dev cue. The first three tasks are derivation, light and shadow and occlusion. Everation evaluates whether the model understands the horizon, light and shadow evaluates whether the model connects objects with their shadows. Occlusion evaluates whether the model recognizes that a closer object blocks a farther one. The remaining three tasks are perspective, a little relative size and texture gradient. Perspective evaluates whether the model understands the banishing point, a relative size checks whether the model uses the object size to infer distance. Texture gradient evaluates whether the model understands that texture becomes denser as distance increases. These six tasks measure the different types of human-like depth perception. The result shows three important findings. First, recent, recent, large vision models achieve high score on dev cues. Second, dev cues score are strongly related to depth estimation performance. Third, some general proposed models such as Dinobritzu and also understand depth cues well, even without expert depth supervision. This suggests that human-like depth cues can emerge naturally during less scale visual primal portraying. Okay, finally, here is my opinion. I think this research is important because it explains how AI may understand three-destruct from two-dimages. Instead of only measuring accuracy, dev cues help revert reasoning behind depth estimation. This can make vision models more interpretable and safer. Thank you for listening. Okay, here are my points. We start. Okay. Good morning, everyone. I'm raised here last digit of student ID is 8. Today, I have present a PCI-CCB 2025 paper subjective camera 1.0. A physical camera can always be there, so meaningful moment, moment, go, and record it. The paper, move, move is to remove the human as an imaging device. We hold a scene in memory and the system decodes that into a photorealistic image. What I found most practical is that it is entirely 23. Which role is the barrier to real world use? Now, the contribution, the two parts. First, the concept of subjective camera. The human acts as an imaging device turning cognition into a photoreal graph. Second, a cognition aligned, sequential generation paradigms that surface it one shot, snapshot generation. This second idea comes from how humans records a record scene as this figure shows. People read as a scene one concept at a time, not at all once. I want to stress this, the contribution is the idea, not just better numbers. So what are they throwing? Just go to recreate a real scene from techist plus progressively draw 300 sketches. This is hard because generating all objects at once causing inter-face concepts, goal missing, distorted or missing aren't. And 300 sketch makes it worse. They are spurs, noisy and mixed levels of abstraction. These messy inputs are real exactly what an ordinary person can give from memory, which is why the program is worth solving. Here is how they solve it. The key idea is to optimize each concept individually and sequentially. There are three stages. First, take a look at optimization, aligns and initial image with the techist. Second, sketch encoding maps each graph sketch into the models rating space. And a concept twice, sequential optimization as the sketch is one by one, without destroying the area once. If, in theory, the whole pipeline is trained free. All the rating noise of a pre-trained T2ID division model is optimized. With no retrain and no large pair dataset. What is this achieved? The methods reached the order on all metrics. On both CMC and FMC dataset. Notably, it beats both training free and training based methods. A 40 participants user study consistently preferred the result. The author honest about the limits. Which is why they call it one working first step 1.0, to add cameraless scene reconstruction. Here is my opinion. Since the method and sketch sketches into high-level guidance, the input doesn't really have to be a drawing. But the zero limits. Position only input, draw to a generic layer to image. And low arrow only orientation is untested. So, my extension. For people who can draw, give only spatial cue. As you can see here, a rabbit circle and rabbit circle mark each object position. So, and our arrow gave orientation. Even without the wrong skills, we even desire drawing skills. You can still hand out 100 words of specific spelling information. Thank you for listening. I am Kai Amano. And my student ID, Rastzi, is four. Today, I present some acble PR 2024 paper on adopting some two medical image segmentation. I am Kai Amano. And my student ID, Rastzi, is four. Today, I present some acble PR 2024 paper on adopting some two medical image segmentation. Medical image segmentation. Support diagnoses and treatment planning, but it needs a rags part rabbit dataset, which are scarce in medicine. Some is trained on a video natural image mask with strong zero shot ability. So, it looks like a promising baseball data proametic heart task. However, some are trained mainly on natural images, so it's their shot accuracy drops some medical scans from the teeth method. It can improve it, but they depend on accurate point or box prompts at Rast at this time. Prompt free methods remove this pattern, but open routes guide dance prompts provide. The paper asks whether a prompt free model can run that guide dance by itself. It's some size yes. It can sometimes image encoder frozen at right weight, but an unknown prompt. The core idea is to stage helical decoder. Stage one makes a low prior mask and stage two uses that prior to define the result. This matters because medical guidance can be run inside the decoder, reaching state of the art with a few as three leveled cases and no unloveled data. Here is the pipeline. The image goes through the frozen roller adapted encoder. Stage one uses some strong zero right weight decoder to output core prior probabilistic mask. Stage two takes this prior to refine it with a more sophisticated decoder and a used shaped pixel decoder. The two outputs are raised for the final mask. Three designs make stage two are fast cross-pressed self-attention helps rare organs by adding stronger noise to tail category features. Second, runable mask cross-attention uses the soft prior to focus attention while keeping grad and forewing. Third, the very very very hard car pixel decoder uses unit style skip connection to recover small organs at full resolution. Onesinable city benchmark using only 10% of stresses about one level volume, a sum reaches 80.4 average dies, beating the best prior pro-promp to three methods by 4.78 points, with full supervision. It reaches 80.6.5 ahead of recent medical networks. The most striking result is data efficiency. On two small data sets, some uses only three or four level cases and no unloveled data yet with semi-superbite method. Using many extra level scans, it gets 80.9.2 on left at room and 87.3 on pro-state. The operation compounds each component contributes. The three designs each add about 1 to 2 dies points. And together they add nearly 5.8 times also uses fewer parameters than some adaptor while squaring 0.5 points higher. So the gain comes from some of the code and not just sites. My own take, using some first pass mask as a round prior to its simple and effective and the data efficiency is impressive. My observation has that it works on two devices at inference code and still struggles with difficult small organs via the pancreas. Also, if the first prior is wrong, the error can propagate. Overall, it is practical steps for level scales medical segmentation. Thank you. Good morning. Hello everyone. I am pleased to present the short contrastive rules for text guided, the future image style transfer published at ICCV 2023. I am Taising Yoshida students idea as digit nine, let's begin. Let's start with the background and why this research is highly signature image style transfer aims to modify the artistic style of an image such as turning a photo into a watercolor or a key point while preserving its core content and structure. However, prior state of the art methods space and major cost barrier, both gun based and diffusion based model typically require extensive fight, tuning or heavy or zero area networks for everything new style domain. It is computationally expensive and slow that breakthrough of this paper is that it achieves high quality style transfer using only a text prompt requiring absolutely no additional training or fine tuning. It makes powerful instance, stylization completely, the short and highly accessible to everyone. There are certain makes three primary contributions first, they propose that they can lose a patch wise contrastive use function since it takes drugs, special feature as directly from the diffusion models on retrained unit encoder. It completely emanates the need for any extent of the library networks. Second, this framework is entirely training free and the short. It can be deployed out of the box with any pre trained diffusion model and generalize explainery, well to unsindomains such as historical authorates or custom paintings. That it offers broad applicability beyond basic style transfer it seamlessly extends to image to image translation and attribute manipulation tasks at performing extinct state of the art based lines in both quantity and quantity evaluation. Now let's look at the core challenge the authors are occurring while diffusion while diffusion models are excellent at generating diverse styles. They are stochastic noise reduction process inherently destroys the original content structure. On the other hand, if we make the reverse sampling process, the domestic by setting sigma to zero. The content is locked perfectly but so is a style meaning to style transfer happens. This is a fundamental trade of between style quality and content integrity. It's doing works cannot by pass this attention. If we century diffusion creep requires roughly five minutes of preparation and nearly 300 seconds of fine churning fast style. The future it relies on a heavy separate vision transformer just to compute content rules and the library quiet training distinct models for every pair of domains eliminating. This massive computational and structure costs is the ultimate goal of this paper. To achieve this key insight is beautifully elegant. There are also discoveries that have free trained unit noise estimator already implicit encores rich spatial features and structure information without any fine tuning. The proposed the current framework guides the image generation by combining to object to lose it.