you . . . All right, so, uh, hello everybody. Good morning. Uh, I hope everybody can see my screen as well. So today I will be presenting about my presentation titled Words or Vision. Do vision language models have blind faith in text, which was originally presented in CVPR to into the five in national Tennessee. And the original authors are already showed on screen. So, uh, to start off, uh, let's go to. Okay, so. Okay. There you go. So, uh, first of all, why this paper is important for image processing. First of all, the ubiquity of VLMs or why are visual language models important. So visual language models are now the backbone of multi model, uh, retro augmented generation systems and autonomous agents in AI systems. This, uh, do have like cross model inconsistency because real world data is often noisy and contradictory or misleading. So which results in a vision to text conflict by the VLM agent as shown by the diagram on the right. So which presents, uh, safety critical risk, which was like reveals the vulnerabilities in sensitive tasks like fishing detection. And the reliability, uh, for understanding the reliability, I have to understand the failure modes is like the basic part for many production systems in AI agents requiring the visual language models. So in this case, the problem, as I mentioned, is blind faith in text. So because VLM trusts textual data over visual data when they conflict conflict, because inherently like language models. It's trained on data, language, textual data. It just takes over images. So performance drops about 50% under text corruptions, which basically also shows that HTML text manipulation can bypass this visual logic according to this paper. And in this case, the model, uh, the models favor their textual brain, which is shown in the diagram shown on the right. As we see, uh, visual input of a pizza and the textual input of a pizza, which shows that the pizza has green broccoli on it. Uh, it trusts the broccoli in that case. So to move on, the contribution is, uh, basically how it works is phenomenon overview, which shows the factors of bias, which, uh, after that they did the empirical analysis, which shows that theoretical explanation in the paper and the final solution. So they uncovered blind faith in 14 VLM models and they show imbalance by proving the bias that comes from pre training on pure data, text data and the mitigated it with s, uh, sft with text augmentation, which restores the visual trust in this data. So, uh, pushing the limits of human knowledge. In this case, the shift in this, uh, scenario comes from cooperation to conflict. So more evaluation from how well to modalities help each other to how well the handle contradictions. So instead of finding it, we are finding like how well they handle the inconsistencies. So they introduced a novel benchmark evaluating models against matched corrupted and irrelevant variations, which it also explores the previously open question of visual language model text corruption resilience. So how did they solve it? They solved it by supervised fine tuning with text augmentation. So they did a balance training with, uh, so they did fine tune on data sets with matched corrupted and irrelevant text they put everything. And then they did modality alignment, which forces the model to weigh visual signals correctly. So as we can see in the flow chart, the conflict input goes to the sft module, which, which gives out a balance inference in this case. So the results that we saw in this are pretty, pretty surprising. We see that the proprietary versus the open models, the open models for 50% drops as I, as I mentioned before, and also mentioned in the paper, the proprietary, the one they mentioned are more robust in this change. Clouds on it, for example, demonstrated the strongest resilience, we all know clouds on it. But the positive bias is that the text before images like changes this bias, x or x or x or bits this bias or changes this bias basically. So the sft impact as they showed is the lava next seven B, the accuracy rose from 3d 8.671.2. So the sft fine tuning actually helped a lot in this case. So to move on, the my independent opinion, the textual brain dilemma. So this paper expose a major architectural blind spot because VLMs are built on top of massive LLMs, as I mentioned before, which are trained on huge amounts of text, not images. Their decision making is fundamentally flawed or skewed. So the key insight from this is that future architectures must treat vision and text as equal citizens from pre training rather than treating vision as a secondary plugin in this, in this scenario. It's because that vision is equally important as large language models in terms of training. So for this reason, I think my independent analysis is when training it should have equal importance in domain as well. So this concludes the end of my presentation. Thank you very much. Thank you to the next presentation. Okay. Hello everyone, my name is Eric Kato and my rest is five. Today I will present the paper HBI a new color space for the light image enhancement. This paper was published at CBPR 2025. First, I will explain the background of low light image commonly in daily life, for example, they appear in smartphones, cameras and night photography. So the goal is not only to make images brighter. Good method must also recover details, reduce noise and keep natural colors. So this paper is worth hearing because a low light visibility is useful in many real world situations. Next, I will explain the main program. When we write a dark image, the color quality can become worse, many existing methods work in srgb space. However, in srgb brightness and color strongly connected because of this changing brightness can cause color distortion. So the main challenge is how to brighten an image without damaging its colors. One previous solution is to use HSBRED color space. HSBRED separates brightness and color better than srgb. This makes brightness enhancement easier. However, HSB creates new programs. Red region can become discontinuous and bright dark region can create a black brand noise. So HSB is helpful, but it is still not enough to solve these programs. The other is a new color space color hbi. HBR is designed specifically for low light image enhancement. It keeps the useful specular separation of brightness and color. At the same time, it fixes red discontinuity, problem using polarized HS maps. It also reduces black artifact using a random intensity function. The main concept is to improve the image representation for applying enhancement. The other is also a proposed network called CIDnet. CIDnet is then to use the proposed HBI space efficiency. The work frame has three steps. The input image is transformed from srgb to hbi. The second color information and intensity information process is separated. The enhanced result is transformed back from hbi to srgb. This network structure matches the concept of separating color and brightness. I will explain the results. The method was evaluated on 10 datasets for low light enhancement. CIDnet is lightweight with only 1.88 million parameters and 7.57 gf. It achieves strong results on standard benchmark datasets. It also worked on extremely dark images. In this test, PSLR improved by 6.678 dB or rather second-based method. These results are shown. The combination of hbi and cidnet is effective and efficient. In my opinion, the most important point is the color space design. Recently, many methods of progress are large and more complex networks. However, this paper shows improving image representation is also important. A better color space can make enhancement more robust and efficient. I think this is more meaningful than simply building a large model. To conclude, this paper processes hbi and new color space for low light image enhancement. hbi reduces red discontinuity, noise and black-flying noise. CIDnet uses hbi to enhance color and intensity separately. The method achieves strong results across 10 datasets. For future works, hbi could be tested on the image processing task. Thank you for listening. Thank you for watching. Hi, everyone. Today, I'll be presenting a paper called Spatiary Adaptive Future Modulation or Efficient Image Superlidulation published at ICC-82023 by Long-Sung, Jiao Xin Tong, Jiao Xin Tang and Jiao Xin Pan. My name is Xin Nomiana and less stated is warm. So, simple resolution is a task of recovering a high-dollution image from a low-dollution input. It has a wide range of rear-world applications, medical imaging, satellite imagery, surveillance and multimedia. However, as shown in this figure, the current models are a fundamental trade-off between quality and computation cost. It means time. So, high accuracy quality and computational cost. High-pressing models are too heavy for practical deployment while lightweight models sacrifice quality. The goal of this paper is to close the gap to achieve both high-quality and low computational cost at the same time. This is the core question they also said out-dollances. So, why does trade-off exist? On one side, lightweight CNN models rely on local convolutions. This means that can only capture information within a small neighborhood and cannot model long-range dependencies across the image. On the other side, transformer-based models can capture global take-ists through self-reattention, but they're complexly rose-lovely with image resolution, making them too expensive or near-dependent. In short, neither approach alone is sufficient. The question becomes, can we capture global information efficiently using only simple convolution operations? The answer is SAFNN, simply a lot of the future modulation network. At Schoencher, the network alternates SAFN and CICM blocks in simple sequential structure. There is no tension mechanisms and no heavy encoder recorder. The key component of this network is the SAFNN block, a key mechanism for simply adaptive future modulation. I will explain how it works on the next slide. So, here's the core idea of SAFN. First, the simple input feature map is split into block groups along the channel dimension, and each group is resized to a different spatial scale. This gives the model both local and more global view of the input. Second, the multi-scale features are aggregated to produce a spatiary-aware modulation mask, which is then multiple elemental-wise with original features to select and emphasize informative visions. The key inside is that by aggregating across multiple scales, SAFM approximates global context with any attention mechanisms using only standard conclusions. So, here's the results. The table shows that SAFN achieved top tier PSNL this line. Lightweight sound models while maintaining a small parameter count at a fast inference speed. Additionally, SAFN recovers finer edges and takes more accurate to a tree than other light weight methods. Together, there's results confirmed that the multi-scale aggregation strategy is both efficient and effective. Finally, my own thought on this paper, the core idea of approximating global context through multi-scale aggregation with completions only is well-motivated. And the problem and idea. Looking ahead, since 6AM, writes on simple modulation, repressing it with a more effective module could push the more performance away SAFM and even further. Thank you for listening. Thanks for watching. I guess you might go for it muted. Good morning, everyone. My name is Goural Shivam. My last digit is 3. Today, I'm going to present research people titled Dark Eye, robust low-light image restoration. So, what is low-light image restoration? So, it is a task of converting low-quality night time images into clear and high-quality images. The problem is very important because low-light imaging is used in many real-world applications such as smartphone, night photography, night-time surveillance systems, autonomous driving and medical imaging such as endoscopy. And also, it is used in satellite imaging for night time observation. So, why is this so important? A large percentage of photos are captured under very poor lighting conditions. These images which are taken at night, they often suffer from three major degradation together, which is their two dark. They are too dark, they are too noisy and they are too blurry. So, this degradation make image restoration very significantly more challenging because we have to solve all these problems. Now, better low-light image restoration can improve the user experience in smartphone photography. It could increase safety in autonomous systems by improving the pedestrian direction at night. It could also improve surveillance accuracy and provide clearer medical images for diagnosis. So, this was the previous approaches which were typically taken, which only addresses single degradation at a time. Low-light enhancement method can brighten images but often amplify existing blur. Deblaring methods can remove the motion blur but struggling dark scenes because important edges and details are difficult to detect. De-noising models, they are good for removing noise but they often fail when noise and blur happen together. So, the main limitation is that no single previous method effectively handles darkness, noise and blur together. So, now let us look at the main contribution of dark eye of this research, research paper. Now, all the figures which I have taken in this presentation is from original papers, all the credit goes to the original authors of this research paper. So, first I would like to introduce unified multitask restoration where a single model performs low-light enhancement, denoising and de-blaring simultaneously. Second, it also uses dual domain processing. The key idea is that illumination information is easier to model in frequency domain while the local image structure and edges are better restored in spatial domain. Now, third, it also proposes an efficient CNN architecture with a novel attention mechanism. Now, despite using CNN here, it achieves superior performance while requiring very few parameters compared to the transformers. I have also attached the figure for this architecture. Now, this were the results. So, this table one, it compares the quality comparison on the lower blood data set. So, in terms of image quality, dark eyeer achieves the highest PA, PSNR of 27 and it is also having highest SMI of 0.883 compared to its PA. Just reform, risk-termer is doing better but is overall, if you see the median is doing way better than every else competitor. It also is very highly efficient. It only uses 3.31 million parameters while risk-termer uses 26 million parameters. Now, I want to move to the more results. So, this figure shows the quality of results on real-world data set. This image was taken on a lightning condition and this foot was the original which was taken in a nighttime condition. So, as we can see, the model dark eyeer is the closest to the original image. Now, this figure, it compared the results compared with the state of art method, retinax format. So, as we can see from the figure as well, this model looks more closest to the ground truth. Now, moving towards the conclusion to conclude this research-prever presents effective solution for the low-light image restoration. It means strength is that a single model can fix darkness, noise and blurry photos. It proves that CNN can be transformers. Now, what's my opinion? So, my opinion is that this paper is very valuable because it addresses a practical real-world problem and it also proposes efficient solution rather than relying on large models. Now, one of the limitations which I see is that this data set wasn't only tested on very low-light and not general blur noise. That's all from my side. Thank you. Hello, everyone. My name is Wixia Hong. Today, I'm a very present speaker. I'm going to present three-pointer 2024 paper titles, repurposing the future-invited image generators for monocular depth estimation. My last digit is 9. Before I introduce this paper, let me first explain monocular depth estimation. It aims to estimate since depth from a single RGB image. The output will be a depth map which represents the relative distance of objectives from the camera. As shown in this example image, it enables the transition from 2D image perception to 3D understanding. This capability is important for applications such as AR and VR, Robotic and 3D reconstruction. However, existing depth estimation methods still fit several challenges. Most traditional methods require large RGB data sets and expensive depth notation for training. They also often have limited general realization ability. On the other hand, the fusion models have learned rich virtual knowledge from large-scale image data, but they are meaning used for image generation. This lead to the key question of this paper, can the fusion models be repurposed for depth estimation? About the main contribution of this paper is Marigold. It's a diffusion-based framework for monocular depth estimation. Instead of designing a new network, this paper will use the knowledge already learned by stable diffusion. Marigold is trained using only RGB data yet and it can generalize the world to real world images. More importantly, this work shows the diffusion models can be used not only for image generation, but also for vision understanding tasks. Now let's look at how Marigold works. This figure shows the overall training framework of Marigold. First, the RGB image and the corresponding depth map are encodes into latent representation using a pre-trained variant encode. Next, noise is added to the depth latent flowing the diffusion process. And this latent are the concatenated and fit into the diffusion unit. The network learns to predict and remove the added noise, allowing it to recover depth information. By repeating the learning, this denosing process, the model learns geometric information added in the image and uses it for depth prediction. So this training process, stable diffusion is adapted from image generation to monocular depth estimation. About the result, this figure compares Marigold with several et cetera, it sets depth estimation methods. Compared with previous approaches, Marigold produced depth maps that are closer to the ground choose. Another important result is that Marigold was trained only on the synastic RGBD data, but it still performs real-world images. It also preserved object boundaries and the standard structure more clearly. Overall, the result shows the Marigold achieved better depth estimation performance compared with the exciting methods. In conclusion, Marigold successfully repurposed stable diffusion for monocular depth estimation and achieved good performance using synastic RGBD data. In my opinion, its biggest strength is showing that diffusion models can be used for virtual understanding tests, not only in the image generation. However, inference, speed and depth estimation in these 10th regions still needs a pro, but I think this idea has strength potential for future studies. So, we have a new study perception and reconstruction in AR or VR application. That's all, thank you for listening. So, hello, good morning everyone. My name is Mi Nature. This presentation is about the paper O'Lenny, had a regina tissue with the Nature Expert of the Gigapixel or the WSI images. This paper was published in 2035 in I'mTradble E and CVF, my last digit number is 2. So, before I explain about the paper, I'm willing to introduce where is the WSI images. The WSI image is a digit pathological image, given from the tissue slides. For example, the doctor was taken by tissue sample from the patient and tissue sample on the glass slide and scanned using the specialized scanner. So, the WSI is very detailed information about the cell level and tissue level. However, the WSI image is very large, so as single WSI images can contain the biglion or pixel. So, this image is for cancer diagnostics and the finite station of cancer and the progosis and the life-six. So, the main challenger is the WSI images, extremely large, the slide-board images. For example, the other images can be directed to the CNN or VIT, but this image is difficult to analyze as a whole. Another challenge is there is a complex tissue patterns in one slide. For example, one slide may contain the different tissue patterns, such as a tumor or an tumor and also the background noise. So, sample pictures are very useful for predation, but sample pictures are noisy. So, these irrelevant pictures can affect the model predation, so, audio methods use the israel information. But they often require additional interference, depth and complex workflow. So, this may be the system that's capable of. In the previous matter, hand out the tissue images in a different way when a bro is using the clustering centriarchs. It allows the global clustering to pass the feature. Another bro is the pretrained classifier. The classifier assign the tissue category and data graphs. There are graphs in model to do more integration between the tissue regions. That bro is the mature experts, use the multiple experts and the router to process the tissue fetchers. So, in the paper, they introduce a PMOE. It's combined with the pretrained classifier and the MOE. So, I really want to explain how to categorize the tissue types. The photo is a tissue like tumor, macrosis, tumor and implantation. And as the MOE is only used for expert and the router, the expert is a newer network branch that plan to focus on what the specific tissue types. And the router, I'd like the magnesium that the cider, wish fetch, into the sugar do that are assigned to wish experts. In vanilla MOE, each expert is assigned to one or more experts. So, however, this can call the low in the less because experts may receive too many patches, why other received too few. In expert tracks, that's why they introduce the expert tracks routing. The expert tracks routing, I like the vanilla MOE because they expert networks select these patches, what they are really interested in. So, for example, a patch must be selected by one expert or it may not be selected at all. This has removed the irrelevant patches and improve low in bellizing are Amanda experts. So, in that we probably introduced two more in that methodology. So, the first one is a pro-diabry extraction. Pro-diabry extraction creates the representative feature better for important tissue categories. So, first, the blue SI is divided into the server patches. Each patch is encoded into the feature better using the pretreat and colder. And then, it classifies each patch into the tissue categories. So, this pro-diabry is used for guiding the expert by teaching them what kind of tissue they should really focus on. So, the pro-diabry is the pro-diabry used to supervise the routing preference of the expert. For example, if the patch is similar to the Juma Brudodize, the Juma Related Expert show give the highest preference score. So, to calculate this score, the more is used the co-science similarity between the patch and the Brudodize. And then, so may it's applying to obtain the tissue selection probability. And then, of course, the entropy law is used to make the expert assignment probability equals to the Prudodize-based probability. And also, they try to introduce the free expert. Free expert, I like the Supervikes expert. Free expert is not a rally or Supervikes expert Prudodize. The land use will pattern from the server predation text by itself. So, this is very useful because the important tissue pattern is not being known or more complex than the Brudivine categories. In that paper, the expert might use a Fire Tybal Cancer, Colone, Brains, Lands, Spank Reyes, and also Breds. And the evaluation metric is seen in that. The highest seeing does mean the better predation performance. So, this paper convulsed the P-A-M-O-E, or with the several models focused on the important patches. So, this research show that the P-A-M-O-E is improved most transformer-based model, such as TransMail and the Low-V-I-T. So, to summarize the P-A-M-O-E design, two land-the-Headrogyneas tissue pattern in the WSI-Immigra by using the Madibur experts. So, each expert can focus on the different tissue categories. And they introduce the two expert methods, Supervikes expert methods and the free experts. So, in my opinion, in that paper is not fully clear how free experts select the important patches without direct supervision. Although the P-A-M-O-E is improved several methods, the improvement is still limited compared with the stakeholder methods. And then, finally, it is as a day whether the P-A-M-O-E can journalize well to read a cancer-smaller dataset or the Eastern Hospital data. So, it is all for my today, and thank you for listening to my presentation. Hello, good morning, everyone. Today, I will be presenting a critical paper from the IEEE-SLS Computer Vision 2020-5-footer conference on application of Computer Vision workshop titled, Face Detection and Recognition under a real-world scenarios dealing with defect incidents and malicious data distortion. This research conducted by researchers at Polish National Research Institute addresses a massive blind spot in a current biometric security system. The last digit of my student ID is 1. Let us start with the problem. Between 2020 and 2023, video defect is then tripled and order-defect grew at times, but the primary issue highlighted here is the reality gap. State of the detection models are trained on clean laboratory datasets, but when deployed in the real world, they fell on the intentional structural interference and inconsistency that malicious actors actively exploit. The objective of the research is to expose specific vulnerabilities in existing models and to demonstrate augmentation of our training can drastically enhance resilience. Academically, this paper which is the gap between traditional holistic method and modern convolutional neural network proving the CNNs must be deliberately exposed to adversarial conditions during training to survive in the real world. Why is this paper important for everyone? The paper introduces augmentation of our training to find two models bringing the detection accuracy up to 99%. But this is not a native architectural innovation, it is a data patch with excellent results. It presents an opportunity for further work to move beyond simply training models with modernize to design networks that are natively invariant to special distortions. The models were actually evaluated using two datasets. First is the select DF version, two datasets, seven as a massive baseline with over 500 genuine videos and over 5000 high quality defects. And the second is a unique real incident based dataset built from ultra-fraud reports containing intentionally obscured defects. To replicate this adversarial condition, the research has developed a mutation which is a custom python library featuring 25 augmentation functions that apply textural grid simulate environmental noise, degrade compression and manipulate focus to disguise defect markers. This slide actually shows a visual representation of how the dataset were modified using the tool from work just described and it will show the data set that was used for the evaluation. At the experimentation, for the experimentation, there is structured one frame per second from the video subjecting them to initial facial detection and pose estimation. Our but also then applied 128 unique modification to genuine images and standard synthetic defects while the real incident dataset were left as it is. The research has then evaluated a broad spectrum of industrial standard models benchmarking six face detection system including media pipe, retina face and SSD and four face verification system including face net and VGG face to measure survivor rates against degraded quality images. For the first detection, evaluation result and solution, how exactly are first steps by passing these checkpoints? The bypass these two strategic information masks instead of just generating high quality defects, they are already imaged with atoms, watermarks or special grids. This deliberate noise hides the synthetic, the start fingerprints of the AI and the impact is disastrous. This reviews a cloaking paradox. One highly respected detectors like media pipe and SSD face, face this grid over less and accurate and texture on noise, the accuracy drops to between 0 and 4%. The noise actually blinds the biometric engine to synthetic markers making the defects appear completely genuine. This is what I termed the cloaking paradox. To solve this problem, the research has used an adaptation to create a custom dataset of nearly 190,000 obscured images. The two creatina face models with a lightweight modern age 0.25 backbone which is ideal for real time age computing and fine-tune it on this intentionally corrupted data. This is the core of augmentation away training. As you can see in the previous short results were striking. Why standard model fell completely under extreme texture on noise, defined to ask model restored detection accuracy to 99%, a massive 61.21% improvement. This demonstrated by forcing the model to learn the measures noise it learned to see through it. When testing the first verification, VGG face was highly sensitive and easily broken by a mask and conversely, first net 512 demonstrated the high security with equal error rate of just 17%. Proven incredibly robust at rejected manipulated images. In my conclusion, this web app successfully formalizes the concept of malicious mask and provides a highly practical engineering tool in abtusional library. In my opinion, while it is data centric patch, it set a new mandatory standard for the industry. The practical application are immediate, including banking systems and EKYC platform and national security checkpoint which must adopt augmentation away training. It shifts the industry from passive detection to active resilient distance, giving us the technical capability to combat the societal harm or defect, the information and identity fraud. That's all from me. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Hello everyone. My name is Takano Bukondo. Last digit number is 0. Today I will introduce a CVPR-2024 paper titled Scaling Up to Exercise, practicing model scaling for photorealistic image restoration in the world. First, let me explain the background. The award images are not degraded in only one simple way. They often include grrr noise, low resolution and compression artifacts at the same time. Previews restoration methods can work well for specific degradations, but they may create unnatural textures in complex gear world cases. This paper focuses on restoration results that look natural to humans. Spear stands for Scaling Up Image Restoration. He is a method proposed by the authors to restore low-requality real-world images such as bright noisy or low resolution images into realistic and natural looking high-quality images. Spear has three key ideas. First, he uses stable diffusion excel, a large scale diffusion model, as a generative prior for image restoration. Second, it trains on 20 million high-quality images with text descriptions. Third, it enables text-card restoration. In other words, Spear does not just make the image sharper, it tries to understand the image content and restore it in a controllable way. This flash shows the overall workflow. The input is a low-quality image. First, a degradation robust encoder extracts the image content. Then, SDXL, a large diffusion model, generates a high-quality restored image. However, a generative model can help to generate too much. Therefore, the author introduced a 0SFT and Restoration Guided sampling to keep the restoration festival to the input image. One interesting feature of Spear is a text guided restoration. The model can use text-description to understand what is in the image and restore missing details for more appropriate. It can also use negative prompts such as Bra, Low-Colid, or Deformation to avoid pro-outputs. However, Spear does not simply generate anything from text. If the prompt conflicts with the low-quality input image, the prompt becomes less effective. This helps keep the output festival to the original image. Spear also compares with recent methods such as Bra, ESR, JAN, Stable, SL, Diff, Bra, and PSD. In this figure, Spear does not only sharpen the image, it restores details that are smenchically reasonable, such as object shapes and natural textures. So this is especially important when the input image is severally degraded. For the quantitative evaluation, Spear shows strong performance on low-reference past sexual metrics such as creep IQA, music, and Manica. These metrics evaluate how natural and high-quality the restored image looks. Without directly comparing it to the ground-truth image, the user study also shows a very impressive result. Among the compared methods, Spear was selected as the highest quality result in 84.17% on the cases. This means that human observers clearly performed the image is restored by Spear. On the other hand, Spear does not always achieve the best scores in PSNR or SSM. This is because PSNR on SSM mainly measure pixel level similarity to the ground-truth image. This paper pushes the field forward by clearly showing that high-quality PSNR does not always mean a better image. Traditional evaluation of the often focuses on how close the output is to the ground-truth at the pixel level. But humans may prefer an image with more realistic texture, even if the pixels are not exactly the same. Therefore, modern image restoration needs to balance clarity and perceptual realism. In my opinion, the strengths of this paper is that it shows the power of large-scale generative models for the real-world image restoration. Spear produces realistic textures and details that traditional methods often fail to recover. However, it also has limitations. It requires huge training data and computational resources, and image sometimes generate realistic looking but unfasteful details. Thank you for listening. Thank you. Hello everyone. I'm Isokin Say. My last visit number 9. Today I would like to present the paper titled, MatchFaze Particle-based simulation of Pro-Straw-Captured Effects, which I published in the journal, Segurrath, Asia 2025. This paper focuses on producing pros and cons, such as biscuits, sweet, softened, and rupture as the absorb rigged. Using physical simulation in computer graphics, one of the main contributions of this work is the real-sized simulation of swelling and fracture caused by water absorption in materials such as biscuits and sponges, which are difficult to achieve with conventional methods. Another contribution is the successful simulation of interactions between macro-scale and micro-scale, by namely satchas, those observed in sp even water possible significantly blow out under outside the adjacent temperature of 10 °C into dark place, and embodiment of the soft bleeding levels of average mental breathing. was dipped into coffee while the bottom image shown the simulation result for the same scenario. In other words, I thought it was simulate both microscale and micro-scale phenomena within a single framework. Most I explained the proposed method. This method consists of four main components. The first is pro-estero-capacity, PEC, coupling model. The PEC coupling model consists of three elements. The first is steration, which represents the behavior of wicket in infinite steration into the material. The second is the broad stick caused by water of something. The third is pro-structural evaluation with model, swing and fracture resulting from water absorption. The second component is the mooring framework, which integrates both REP based and micro-scale approaches. This method provides only anified framework for handling broad structures at difficult skills. The third component is a novel pressure composure method for maintenance, fluid incomplency. This is used to maintain the contribution of fluid. Finally, the method employs interactive collection, shameful new-may-class stability as shown in figure. The particle is scaled in the middle image by applying interactive collection. The particle can be prevent from dispainting resulting with a massive deviation in the right image. Next I will explain the result. First, as shown the left image, the simulation reproduces how the sponge absorbs water when in place and how far the water enters the materials. In addition, as a right-side image in the implicit part of the biscuit, break falls in small fragments for after being soaked in water. Finally, I will present the conclusion and my thought on this paper. This paper enables the simulation of physically consistent and realistic interactions between fluid and flow materials, which could not be achieved using conventional grid-based or simple particle-based models. In my opinion, the simulation reproduces real-world phenomenon with a high degree of real fluid. Therefore, I believe that if this technology becomes the particle for real-time applications, it could further above research in the liquid fluid of computer graphics. Thank you for listening. Good morning everyone, my name is Muthat Paliwal. Today I will be presenting the paper multi-stage progressive image restoration. This paper was published in CBPR 2021. Last digit of my student ID is 9. So the problem is the paper addresses the problem of image restoration such as removing blood, rain or noise from the images. The process is called the blurring, raining and noise. Existing methods before this paper often have a trade-off. They either capture the overall structure of global context of the image or they preserve the fine local details but balancing both is pretty difficult. Also performing the entire restoration in a single stage is quite challenging because the image degradation can be very complex. Therefore, the authors of this paper proposed the progressive framework that restores the image step by step instead of trying to solve everything at once. The key idea of this paper is also quite simple. Instead of designing one-jank network to restore the image in a single attempt, the author divides the task into multiple stages in this framework. Each stage progressively improves the result produced by the previous stage. Early stage focuses on the course restoration process while later stages focuses on defining the details. This paper also produces the quite indigenous idea of SAM, supervised attention, Mardiu and CSF across stage visual fusion in image processing. The methodology of this paper consists of the three stages we talked about. So in the very first stage we have the deleted image. Then we have an encoder decoder architecture with unit algorithm. So basically it learns how to do the course image restoration and then produces an intermediate restored image. And the intermediate restored image is then compared with the reference image to find out how better it is from the degraded one. And based on the results, SAM, Mardiu learns the weights and the important features and then share it with the next stage. The next stage against does the same thing, learns the features and provides the information and shares the important features to the next stage. And in the final stage instead of focusing on the encoder and decoder architecture, the system focuses on the high resolution network with the ORB blocks, original resolution blocks. And then in the end it converts the degraded image into completely restored image. The results show that their method was the best among every other existing method, every other permanent existing method at that time. So for example, in this image it's a quite rainy image. This is a small screenshot of the from some part of that image and this is the reference image how it should look like without the rain. So we can see that other B-slimes, other method that it compared with such is D-Rinat, D-I-D-M-DN, Semi and others. They are not quite that good in the rainy image, but their method had the highest PSNR values and successfully computed task of D-Raining. Similarly in other examples also we can see their version was the best. For the case of D-plaring we can observe similar results, their version was the best and they did completely fine. And in D-Rising task also they removed almost all the noise from the image. The method was also pretty close because D-Rising is a very prominent task and quite straightforward as compared to D-Raining, but their method had the highest PSNR values. So the paper contribution is this paper proposes the MPR net, the multi-state progressive network for image resolution. In 2021 it was quite a informative idea. It performs restitution progressively refining the image across multiple stage instead of a single pass. This paper introduced the SAM supervised attention module. Although this thing is not being used nowadays in the new methods because of diffusion models and other transformable model models, but this was quite a informative idea at that time and it is the foundational idea behind many things nowadays. And further this paper also introduces CSF which is cross stage feature fusion with the help of this intermediate features and reducing it helps in reduction of information loss and it can help in transfer of intermediate useful features from one stage to another. It achieves the state of the part performance at the time of publication on image D-Raining and deep editing image D-Rising the three tasks that they majorly focused on. My opinion on this paper is this paper is quite valuable because it presents a simple yet powerful design philosophy to solve a difficult problem through progress with refinement rather than a single step solution. Most of the time we try to find the solution which converts A to B, but sometimes we have to look at things in a different way. Like in this paper they convert A into A1 from A1 to B1 and B1 to B. It introduces a practical idea such as SAM and CSF that we just discussed. Also the newer models have achieved better performance in 2021 as we discussed because of the new diffusion based models and transformable models to large image models. The idea introduced in this paper still remains influential and still very valuable for understanding modern image association research. This paper is highly cited. It almost has 3000 citations and I believe this paper is quite good and deals with a real world problem. Thank you for listening to my presentation. Hello everyone. My name is Kotas Suzuki and I will present CVPR to set 24 people on image enhancement called color shift estimation and collection. My last visit is zero. Real photos often have both over and under exposure at the same time. Existing methods only adjust brightness but this causes color destination. And the exposed areas turn greenish and overexposed areas, blue color completely. So brightness adjustment alone is not enough. The authors visualized pixels with CPPCA and found two things. First over and under exposed pixels shift in opposite direction. So they must be corrected separately. And in the LCDP dataset there are no normal exposed pixels at all. No reference exists. So the methods need to create one. These two observations drive the design. There is the pipeline. Step 1, unit extracts brightened features FV and darkened features FD. Step 2, since no real reference exists, so do normal generator creates FN. And step 3, the cosmodules runs twice over and under exposed regions separately. And outputs color offset maps. Step 4, the common modules combines everything to produce their final image. The cosmodule extends deformable convolution into color space, standard deformable convolution runs special offsets and oscillations. Cosmodule additionally runs color offsets delta C, sub 3 channels for RGB. As shown in the formula delta C is added inside the convolution. So the network directly corrects the color shift. This is the key novelty. The common module integrates the offset maps into the input image using cross-attention. It has three branches for Ix, OV and OD. Cross affinity between the image and offsets and swirls globally. Globaly consistent colors. Residual connection preserves the original structure. This method achieves the best PSNR and SSIM on SDP with only 0.3 million parameters. The PSNR and a PSNR measures signal to noise ratio and SSIM measures structural similarity. In both cases, Ix is better. Looking at the visual result, this method sky looks more natural. The method also generates well to the MSEC dataset. To summarize, this paper proposed a lightweight method that correctly handles with both exposures using cos and commo. My positive assessment, the observation about opposite color shifts is convincing and the formable convolution extension to color space is elegant. However, I have concern that there is no homework guarantee or the pseudo-normal features. Thank you. Okay, probably, there I will present the paper diffusion write, write prose for free by painting a chrome ball. This paper was published at CBPR 2024. The topic is a single-mage writing estimation. The goal is to estimate the writing of a scene from only one image. This paper was showing because writing estimation is important for the elastic air bill and the MSC composing. When we insert a part object into a real photo, the object must master writing all the layers in. It's a right direction color or strings is wrong. The object works like the interesting point is that this method does not direct to a product or writing map. Instead, it paints a virtual write prose into the image. The problem is difficult because a single image only captures a limited view. However, light comes from the full sounding environment. Important write source such as a sound and those who are certain writes may be outside the image frame. Because of this, this may not work well on an upper-digger world of photos. The key idea is to paint a mirror sphere or a chrome ball into the input image. A chrome ball refracts the sounding scene so it can work as a write prose. This paper asks a simple question if we didn't notice a real chrome ball when taking the photo. I can't a diffusion model paint one afterward. The method paints a proper surface-colored mirror and the use is a reflection to estimate the most interesting game in the paper. The method has three main parts. First, it uses control net and a deep smart. The deep smart helps place the ball naturally in the scene. Second, it uses interactive painting. The method generates multiple candidate balls and combined them to reduce adfract. Third, it uses exposure blanket with a customizer roller model. Because writing estimation means HDL information, the method generates different writing levels and combine them into an HDL writing model. The author's elaborate method on benchmarks such as the level in the and the body Heaven. The method achieves compatible results compared to the previous writing estimation method. The visual results are also important. The generality to chrome balls differ to indoors, the sky bright red, the source and the sounding object. This shows that the method can make reasonable writing from only one input image. Another important point is the robot robot stories. The method also works well on diverse writing images. In my opinion, this paper is interesting because the idea is simple and visual. The method to first create a chrome wall so we can see what the model is trying to estimate. However, there are some limitations. The process is slow because it runs the diffusion model multiple times. Second, the accuracy can draw for unusual camera angles such as top down viewers. To conclude, this paper process processes are a creative way to solve writing estimation by painting a chrome wall into an image. I think the main contribution is using a diffusion model in a simple and understandable way or an image processing problem. Thank you for listening. The next presentation is each and I. I guess she is absent today. Let's move to the next presentation. Can you hear me and check that my presentation slide? Yeah, please start. Okay, however, my name is Hinatana Kanou. Today, I'd like to present the paper titled Z3CE and Constraint 3DGase estimation with GaseAware 3D context and coding. This research was conducted by the team are welcome by Tutor on feature at CBPR 2025. My last ZZ is 8. This here is the outline of my presentation. I'll share with the transits in 3DGase estimation for via the proposed method, Z3CE, then I present the experimental results on conclude with assembly and conclusion. 3DGase estimation is a powerful tool for understanding human interest and intention. It has a wide range of applications, for example, including human computer interaction, VRAL, auto-mess driving, and so on. While deep learning has significantly improved at UAC, current progress often assumes that clear close-up views of the IR are available. Therefore, our major trends is arising in eye hidden scenarios where the subject is distant or freezing away. Traditional AI models lead their limits here, because they heavily rely on the appearance. To the more, these special cues are typically only used in non-runable processing steps, making it difficult to handle complex interactions between subject-spots and scene layouts. To address this problem, the OCSPROPOTS ZZCE, the key idea is a 16-perpective. Instead of relying on to the pixels, they are more than run to using 3D context representations. These are roles as systems to understand the underlying special relationship in the scene. First, they construct the 3D context. The model extracts 3D script-posed for the subject and 3D coordinates of starting objects. This enables the system to grasp the 3D layout of the environment. Next, they apply gaze-aware 3D context and coding. They use eccentric transformation to convert world coordinates into a subject-centric space, which eliminates camera viewpoint wires. They also introduce these three positional and coding, which compares these positions into the election and distance, capturing exactly where and how fair an object is related to the subject. Finally, the 3D gaze-transformer uses an attention mechanism to model the special relationship between the subject's policies and the environment. It relates to the 3D gaze detection. These steps allow for high-atualization information even without eye-crow's depth. They evaluate every evaluate DS-CCE on three diverse benchmarks. The Z-Y-E dataset features indoor-interluxion, K-120 dataset, test-generization to unseen scenes, and the Gaffer dataset provides large-scale indoors and outdoor scenarios, including subjects wasting away and being at a distance. Their results show significant improvements. This on DS-CCE achieves 37-person improvements in 3D MAE on the data set. On the K-120, the result indicates DS-CCE has a spedial generalizability, especially in unseen environments. DS-CCE consistently outward-fromed all baseline intermeasal both 2D and 3D MAE on Gaffer dataset. Also, their operations study confirmed that both eccentric transformation and D3 encoding are essential components for this performance. 3D gaze estimation is crucial method to understand human interest and attention. However, traditional systems lead their limits in eye-hidden scenarios. To solve this, the OCS-Propos-Z-S-C-E are robust frameworks that actually predicts the gaze using macro-special 2 when micro-facial-special are completely invisible. This method sets the paradigm from to the appearance-based predominating to run the medical special reasoning and proves that human intent can be computationally decolored by understanding this 3D environment context. Finally, I talk about my opinion in this paper. I think this research is revolutionally because it achieves high-advising gaze detection even when their eyes are now visible. This has immense potential for security too, such as advanced surveillance systems. I am also deeply interested by the biomimicry aspects, the way each successfully translate the biological logic of how human perceived gaze into a computational 3D context-based rationale. Thank you for reasoning. . . Let's move to the next presenter. Hello everyone. My presentation topic is Generative Image Dynamics. The people that are new is CVPR. My last digit is two. The problem is can we infer realistic long-term scene motion from a single RGB image? Direct image to video models often drifted or lost temporal coherence. Humans can imagine plausible motion from one image. This paper tries to model as distribution computationally. The core idea is to predict the hidden motion. Instead of generating a future RGB prime directly, the model predicts dense pixel trajectories. The original image provides appearance. The predicted motion provides time variation. This gives more coherent long-term motion and more controllable animation. In some ways, the paper generates the motion behind the image. Then renders the image through that motion. For motion representation, a motion texture is a time sequence of 2D displacement maps. A spectral volume is the FFT of each pixel trajectory. Natural or sedatory motion is mostly low frequency. So 16-4M terms are enough in practice. For motion prediction, there are two details mixed predictions. Frequency adaptive normalization gives small high frequency coefficients learnable. And frequency attention coordinates different frequency slides, avoiding in coherent motion. For motion to video, it used image-based rendering. Inverse FFT converts spectral volume into a motion texture, softmax splatting in forward warps multi-scale features. The synthesis network fills holes and refines future frames. XT slides reveal motion patterns over time. For results, XT slides reveal motion patterns over time. Our model closely resembles the reference videos. My opinion, the paper is important because it refines image to video generation as motion prior generation and its contribution is not simply better results, but more controllable and physically meaningful representation. That's all. Thank you. Good morning everyone. I'm going to use a paper called a deep convolution on that work for image super-resolution. This paper was published at ECDV 2014. The message is called SR, in simple words. The paper was one of the first works that used CNNs for image super-resolution. Let me explain the problem. I'm single image super-resolution means that we only have one low resolution image and we want to recover higher resolution versions of it. This is useful because many images in real life are limited by camera sensor stories or transformation. For example, images may be small comprised or blade of a we still want to recover sharp details. The difficulty is that these high front seat details are actually missing from input images so the model can also know simple copy dancer. It's also to learn strong images prior from data and the project which the high resolution details should look like. Before I start seeing the main message, use price coding. These messages have several right steps. Firstly, they extracted image punches and then they matched it with a detection array. Finally, they removed the image. These messages work very well but they work big and slow so it's not good. Therefore, many researchers wanted a simple solution. The question is that can we learn the whole pipeline directly? The key idea of a solar scene is to answer with this question with a CNN instead of designing each step. SMACM can also hold a simple resolution processing to three convolutional operations. The first operations extract features from the input image and the signal operations maps the slow resolution features to a high resolution representation and the third repression reconstructs the high resolution images. This is the most important idea of this paper. It's not just using a CNN only. It shows that the traditional press coding pipeline can be used as the signal-like structure and then of my state end-to-end. Now let's look at the architecture. As I was saying, it's actually very simple. It only has three convolutional layers. The first layer extracts in major features. In main setting, I use 9x9 liters and 64 feature maps. The second layer learns mapping. I use 1x1 liters and maps features into another representation. The third layer reconstructs the image and it's used 5x5 liters and produces the final image. During training, the network compiles its output with the correct images and learns from arrow. Now let's look at the results. The method of seeing achieved battery-image quality in previous methods. It also works very fast. For example, on this set, 14 dataset has achieved higher PSNR values than earlier approaches. This shows that CNN could be effective for image tasks and to summarize, my seems a real contribution of this paper is not only just to achieve the higher PSNR. CNNR firstly formulated single images super-resolution as an end-to-end scene mapping from low resolution to high resolution images. The second is connected traditional spare coding based super-resolution with the same design. This gives network clear expression and instead of treating it as a back box. Thirdly, it shows that deep planning could work very well for low-level vision problems, not only for high-level tasks like image class fiction. The image is simple but it's very large. It's very good, I think. Thank you for listening. Thank you for your presentations. This is the end of today's session. Thank you for joining us and see you next week. you how you around, but do what, does come first.